in previous videos we've seen examples
of how we can combine pdfs together and
how we can split them apart as well as
how we can add or remove individual
pages in a PDF we're going to continue
along the same line in this video by
looking at ways to extract sections of
our document and methods for replacing
pages in our document with updated
content we're working with guide
complete dot PDF which is located in the
working files this is a 12-page document
and if we open the pages panel we can
see the thumbnails of all the pages
included within this document what we're
going to want to do is to extract some
of these pages in this case we see that
the egret section starts on page three
and we know that it runs down to page
six so what we can do is to choose this
section four pages by clicking on page
three and then shift clicking on page
six and then we'll head over to the
tools panel in the pages category and
here we'll select extract when we choose
this we can see that the selection we
made here on the left is already active
within the extract pages dialog box and
the pages are already selected from page
three to six we can change this if we
want we're going to extract these pages
to a file and we have the option here to
delete the pages from our original
document after their extracted we don't
want to remove them from this document
so we'll leave this unchecked for this
example we'll extract and create a new
file but these pages will remain intact
here in our original PDF when we extract
the pages we have here an option to
create a separate file for each page or
with this option deselected we create
one single file with the multiple pages
included well go ahead and leave that
deselected and click OK and here's our
document as you can see we have four
pages will fit the page and scroll
through and here are all the pages that
we asked to be extracted
notice the document has the default name
pages from guide complete but be aware
this file has not been saved if we click
on save we have the option to give the
file a new name we'll put it here on the
desktop and we'll call it egrets since
that's the selection that we extracted
will click on save and now we have a new
PDF consisting of just the four pages
that we selected for extraction from our
original larger document will close that
and go back to guide complete within the
pages panel we have the same capability
to extract by right clicking here on the
page thumbnail or control clicking on a
Mac and here within the context menu you
see extract pages and selecting that
brings us back to the same dialog box so
this allows us to take sections of a
large document break them out and to
create separate smaller files from just
a parts of a document that we choose we
can also choose to replace pages within
our document for example let's say that
we've been working with this document
guide complete and we're nearly ready to
publish it then we find out that there's
a new version of page 12 that's
available with an updated image now with
the tools we've already seen we could
insert the new page 12 from a file and
then delete the old page but there's a
simpler way we can choose to replace
this page without modifying the rest of
the document we can choose replace from
the pages category here in the tools
panel and we'll get a file selection
dialog box we can navigate to the
working files in the chapter 5 folder
and we'll choose why cnh updated PDF
which is yellow-crowned Night Heron
updated and we'll click on open and
we'll see the option to replace pages
notice that we can replace more than one
page at a time but in this case we'll
choose to replace only page 12 since the
new page 12 is just a single page we
click on ok
we're asked to confirm the update when
we do we can see our updated page 12
with the new image and we're ready to go
to press with our updated file so
extracting and replacing pages to more
capabilities to allow us to update and
modify our PDFs by moving content around
between various sources as we continue
to build our toolbox we find more and
more flexibility enough to accommodate
almost any workflow